Document using Herodotos (#177)
wiris/moodle-filter_wiris: docs/contributing/README.md

# Contributing to MathType filter

We would love for you to contribute to this project and help make it better.

This file explains the guidelines we would like you to follow, as a contributor.

## Requirements

To contribute to MathType filter is mandatory to set-up the Development Environment as is described in the [Environment](../environment/README.md) documentation.

- Follow the [Conventional Commits Format guideline](#conventional-commits).
- Lint the code.

> - One the forked the project, create a new branch from the `main` one.

Author: Significa que hay que hacer un fork del proyecto para poder desarrollar en local

> - One the forked the project, create a new branch from the `main` one.

Reviewer: Sonaria mejor decir:  "Once cloned the repository, create a new branch from the `main`  branch."？

> - One the forked the project, create a new branch from the `main` one.

Author: Pues sii! Lo cambio gracias

  When the body is present it has to follow the [Commit Message Body](#commit-message-body) format.

- The `footer` is optional. The [Commit Message Footer](#commit-message-footer) format describes what the footer is used for and the structure it must have.

### Commit Message Header

The commit message `header` should be structured as follows:

```
<type>(<scope>): <summary>
  │       │             │
  │       │             └─> Summary in present tense. Not capitalized. No period at the end.
  │       │
  │       └─> Commit Scope (optional): plugin|packaging|changelog|dev-infra|none
  │
  └─> [Commit Type](#type): build|ci|docs|feat|fix|perf|refactor|test
```

#### Type

This [article](https://medium.com/@noriller/docs-conventional-commits-feat-fix-refactor-which-is-which-531614fcb65a) specifies the recommended commit types that this project uses.

## Commit Message Guidelines

### Commit Message Body

Explain the motivation for the change in the commit message `body`.

Use the imperative, present tense: "fix" not "fixed" nor "fixes".

This commit message should explain _why_ you are making the change.

### Commit Message Footer

> The `footer` can contain information about breaking changes and deprecations and is also the place to reference GitHub issues, Kanbanize card, Jira tickets, and other PRs that this commit closes or is related to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `footer` can contain information about breaking changes and deprecations, and it is also the place to reference GitHub issues, Kanbanize cards, Jira tickets, and other PRs that this commit closes or is related to.
```

For example:

```
BREAKING CHANGE: <breaking change summary>

<breaking change description + migration instructions>

Fixes #{issue_number}
#taskid {card_number}
```

> ## Revert commits

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Revert commits
```
